No deduction of iterator range from array in bus (#2589)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/statements.tex

An iterator \lstinline!IDENT in range-expr! without the \lstinline!in range-expr! requires that
the \lstinline!IDENT! appears as the subscript of one or several subscripted

> expressions - that are not part of an array in a component of an expandable connector.

Reviewer: If a some sort of dash is to be used here, it shouldn't be a hyphen.  However, I think this is better said without any sort of dash at all:
```suggestion
expressions, where the expressions are not part of an array in a component of an expandable connector.
```
